More accurately describe the expected `index.d.ts` location (#2408)
microsoft/TypeScript-Website: packages/documentation/copy/en/declaration-files/Publishing.md

Note that the `"typings"` field is synonymous with `types`, and could be used as well.

> Note:  TypeScript will infer the root `*.d.ts` based on the value in `main`, which means in cases like above you do not need to mark the `types` property, though it is advisable to do so.

Reviewer: Your change is correct, but I think we should just remove this note. It’s kind of silly to go out of our way to say that something is unnecessary, but “advisable,” without even explaining why it’s advisable. We want people to do this purely because it’s the thing that makes npmjs.com show the little TS icon on typed packages. It’s fine if people don’t even know they can skip it.

```suggestion
```

> Also note that if your main declaration file is named `index.d.ts` and lives at the root of the package (next to the `package.json`) you do not need to mark the `types` property, though it is advisable to do so.

Reviewer 2: I think this change is more confusing, the `index.d.ts` would be found relative to the field defined in `main` which is being described as `index.js` here - not relative to the `package.json`.  Perhaps:

```suggestion
Note:  TypeScript will infer the root `*.d.ts` based on the value in `main`, which means in cases like above you do not need to mark the `types` property, though it is advisable to do so.
```

Author: Not only was my change confusing, it was wrong. ;) it was also how I assumed it's working from reading the docs.
Thanks for the suggestion and making it clear for me, and hopefully others.

Why `*.d.ts`? Is there a list of files that are searched for, @orta?

Reviewer 2: The filename is dynamic because it could be anything in the `"main"` - the * could also be `[file].d.ts` and I think it would also make sense

Reviewer 2: The filename is dynamic because it could be anything in the `"main"` - the * could also be `[file].d.ts` and I think it would also make sense

Author: OK, now understand.
"main" is transformed into a form of `*.d.ts` by stripping the extension from the filename in "main" and replacing it with ".d.ts".
